I'll create a new function the traditional style and this function.
All I want to do is I want to log this now I'm going to comment out the time but for now because I first
want to show something else it will also give this function a name that's name it.
And if I call and here or what would you expect to see if I had run.
Well they get the window object.
That's what we see here.
The object already window holding our application to global scope.
This is what this will refer to generally.
Now also a rewrite this with the error function like this.
And here I will simply also log this.
Now if I call this function here on account of the first function call but there I think I'll get up
and run.
I get it when object as well.
This doesn't change it's still referring to the global context because this is the context in which
this variable orders function here is set up right.
It's in the global scope so it makes sense that this refers to the global scope to the new object.
So far so good.
Now get rid of all of that and all of my function calls here and I'll pull that up to the top.
Next all go to HMO.
Because I went to add a button here in my HTML body and all it just click to name a test.
I also want to select my body hearer's so I wool's or my button here excuse me so I will use a query
selector here to quickly grab hold of it
and at the bottom of my code what I want to do was I want your side and you and listener Tudor's button
and you'll soon see why I'm doing all of this.
I want to listen to the click and then I want to execute the functions so the normal the old style function
here.
If while this happens and you see we still print this year.
So now if I go to the Panera much javascript code and I click this test button What do you expect to
see.
Remember before we saw the window object and this is what this should refer to use perfect like test
here what will we see we get an object.
But this is not the window object as you will see if you scroll to the top.
It's our H T and all button element cell.
This actually refers to what call this function.
And that's what I explained in each boot camp course.
So therefore this no longer refers to the window but now it refers to the button as the button is to
one calling this function the end.
Now this might be the behavior you want but in most languages it's not the behavior you expect you wouldn't
expect.
For this to change its context here and to refer to different things depending on what caused dysfunction
.
Generally you you would expect that this always refers to to what it is when you define this function
so the global scope in this case here.
So if I exchange my ventless or to now use function to the arrow function here what do you think will
now happen if I run with G-S and then click test.
Now I actually get the window object as you can see if you scroll up all the top here.
Sell the arrow function actually keeps its context and that is super important to understand because
dad really is the main difference saving some is shorter syntax.
That's all nice but the key difference to understand is that this is treated or handled differently
with the third arrow functions.
You won't need bind or apply or call all those work arounds you use with ears 5 to get this to the right
context but it will just keep the context in which this function is defined.
So if this refers to the know object here it will refer to that with no object no matter how or where
you call this at this function here.
This effort and to function that's super important to take away.
And the other function the old style which you may still use it's not bad by any means.
It's just important to understand here this will behave like you know it to behave in shallop it will
change to what it is and that is a super important key deference